All right.
So we need to create the endpoint in our back, in SLAs, contacts.
Let's go.
It's good to our server.
And I'm actually going to create a neuro because let's call it a website or two.
So here I'll put that contact and point.
And also later we will be customizing the pages.
For example, you saw the homepage, you homepage, the title subtitle can be changed from the decimal.
So for doing things like that.
And this the same concept you can apply for other businesses as well.
So this concept.
You can expand on this one, even control the content.
How are you going to render all of that?
So for things like this, I will be.
Of.
Pulling all my roots for doing we've said related stuff here in this website is right here.
First let's import xmas guns.
X equals two.
Actually we can use the import import express from express.
And then we use points to round up equals to extra staff from.
And then we can create our own.
So, Aurora.
Do I get to make a good request to?
Content.
In fact, it is post request, post content.
So whenever we get requests to this end point, we use a function contact.
Okay.
So let's import that from control
context.
Context from.
So I'm going to create this folder.
Kunst puts her in.
Not quite simple.
So I made crude this file in a controller and we ran this function there.
Or let's make sure to import and export.
For drama.
And then let's make sure to import here in our entry point.
I think it it's important.
I set out from.
That's what they've said.
And then we applied these ads and middleware.
Yeah.
I'm and to use.
Every sentence is important.
Make sure to apply a malware impulse here.
I guess once that's done we can go to our control and the contact function.
The controllers knew fun with Scientologists and then we can right here extreme concepts.
Website thanks to async requests for response.
Here.
First, you need to make sure you have the.
Sing with kids in secret.
I guess I will show you how you can get that.
You can go to SendGrid Dotcom, sign up, get the API keys and put them here.
This is important.
And don't expose it to anyone because once it is exposed, for example, in GitHub, it will not work.
You have to generate a new one.
All right.
So we're going to use this and that is something we have already done.
In other places as well.
So you can have a look at the code example.
For example, if you go to us, go all the way to the top, you can see we have use and we like that.
So if you want to copy that, you could also put it in some other file in this import entry.
You could do that.
So let's continue here.
Okay.
So we import SendGrid and pass the keys using the said EPA key that will make the SendGrid mail function
ready for us to use.
All right.
So here to send an email using SendGrid.
It's really easy.
First, we need to structure our data.
How we're going to send email.
Because when do we want to send the email?
We need to have the phone field from where the email is sending to, to which end it's going subject
of the email and then the body, which can be written as has Tim.
So once you have all that data, you can use send with direct send function to send an email.
All right.
So first, we will be receiving the data in the request body.
Right.
So this is the slowest contact route.
And if you go to your front end contact form.
Content from what is this doing here?
Components contact from.
Is also.
Contact form is here.
Contact find.
I was going to use this component, but I think I put everything in the contact with.
Inside pages.
Contact.
Okay.
I think have put everything.
If you want, you can always move this to contact, from which we may do a bit later.
All right, let's continue like this.
So, contact.
We have this form.
You can see we make a request and we send in the values as a second element that will contain the name,
email and messages.
All right.
So we received that in our control.
We can do structure of those fields and name.
Male.
Mrs. May received from the rigorous body.
Once again.
Then let me just send this to.
We didn't need that.
Yeah.
Prepared emails and seconds email data equals to the subject here.
I'm going to prepare.
I'm going to send an email to like I said from a need from that will be this from it too is really important
I guess so from a to both will be you verified email that you verified earlier in SendGrid thank you
so verified the email we got the key and you chose the email which was verified.
So it has to be the same email sending and receiving.
That might sound a bit weird, but that's what we have to do.
Poster.
Ian Winter The reason for that is precedent in don't email from.
The reason for that is for example let's say you have a website and you have a contact contact with
people come here enter the name email misses this summit so this information you will receive in your
email.
However, the front will not be the email address of this.
Use it, I guess to be this email has nothing to do.
This email will not actually be responsible for sending an email.
Right.
So the email that is responsible is this one and the sender will actually send an email.
But SendGrid wants us to have verified email, so we use this thing.
So that's from and then do also obviously it's the human that's where you want to receive the contact
from whenever someone submits to that means to also will be sent to also persistent email.
So in we don't email from.
So what will be.
Same.
Both will be same.
If you wanted it to be different, you could probably use different.
But we just use.
Okay.
So subject.
Subject.
We can call it email.
Email received.
From contact, from that subject and then body.
We can write his team email.
Let's use bektic so we can write multi-line here.
Let's use hitting three.
And he had every right contact from the masses.
And he had let me use paragraph.
Paragraph.
Let's remember that she's owned land.
And so the name.
The name's going to be the actual user's name.
All right, so that's what we get in the request body.
Now.
Next one, the email.
Again, we can use underscore underline for that just so that it highlights nicely and we show the user
in.
Next one.
Mrs..
We can sue the Mrs..
Right.
So let's.
Okay.
So it's not formatting, really.
We can live it like this.
Doesn't really matter.
All right.
So that's how we prepare the email data that to be sent and then to send an email we can send it.
So try if there is an error.
The control of the air so that you can see where it went wrong.
In that case.
First consideration you want to send.
Okay, folks.
Okay.
Otherwise, we send.
Troopers from station.
Okay.
Actually, before we do that, let's send in some Coast Guard people to await.
SendGrid mail dart sent email dart.
This is the data I send using SendGrid email function soon will send function.
Give the email data that will send the email.
We can send the response to if there was an error, we'd get an error.
We send the response of the okay, false.
Okay.
So this is all we need to send an email.
Let's give it a try, actually.
I think I have the wrong name and stupid contact.
The contact is.
Cannot find out.
Switch sides.
Yes, I have a typo there.
Let's fix that as well.
It's good to index.
Wrote.
Can't find more controllers contact.
Oh, sorry.
That's.
That's, uh, in our own stance from control, as we've said.
The control file name is website.
And so then we have that contact function.
Control slip signifying more lost control and contact from controls website.
Expert.
Consultant.
Controllers switch sides.
Scooter wrote down.
Oh.
Should be only 111 level of.
Explicit fraud is not a function.
Okay.
That should be kept.
Sorry.
Should be kept alive.
Okay.
Perfect.
So we have the show running.
Let's give it a try from our website.
So let's say my name, Ryan.
Right at the gym.
And does this contact form works?
I submit.
Your message has been sent.
The form has been emptied.
That looks good.
That is good.
Okay.
Two, let's check out the email.
You can see I received an email.
If you don't see your email here, you may want to check out here.
More scrolling.
Go to this film to make sure you don't have it ended in spam.
Okay.
So let's take a guess.
You might see something like this.
This happens because we don't have the actual domain emails.
For example, if for one day you deploy, you were said to see MSN.com, then your email should be Ryan,
Axiom, Dotcom, something like that.
All right.
So look, see if you can see we got the name, you get the email, we got the misses of the user who
sent us the contact form.
All right.
So this is how it works beautifully.
So contact form is also working perfectly.
Also.